README.md, before:

# SS Refactor
<img src="SsRefactor/Resources/Images/Banner.jpg" height="32" />

## Overview

**SS Refactor** from Site Sculptors is a Visual Studio extension that provides context menu commands to convert C# properties between MVVM patterns, including CommunityToolkit.Mvvm `[ObservableProperty]`, auto-properties, and full properties. It works with auto-properties, full properties, Prism-style properties, and most common MVVM property patterns.

## Features
- **Convert to ObservableProperty:** Converts auto-properties, full properties (block-bodied, expression-bodied, SetProperty, Prism-style, etc.) to `[ObservableProperty]` fields.
- 
- **Convert to AutoProperty:** Converts full properties and observable fields to auto-properties (`{ get; set; }`).
- 
- **Convert to FullProperty:** Converts auto-properties and observable fields to full MVVM properties using a backing field and `SetProperty` pattern.
- Context menu integration for quick access.
- Robust property detection for adjacent and variably formatted properties.
- Always generates fields with underscore prefix (e.g., `_name`).
- Automatically adds `using CommunityToolkit.Mvvm.ComponentModel;` if missing.
- Checks for CommunityToolkit.Mvvm NuGet package and guides user to install if missing (with clipboard and NuGet UI support).
- Ensures containing class is partial, with prompt to make it partial if needed.
- Skips and warns about properties that cannot be safely converted.
- Supports .NET Framework 4.7.2 and Visual Studio 2022 or later.

## Getting Started

1. **Install the Extension**
   - Download and install the VSIX from the [Releases](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/releases) page or from the Visual Studio Marketplace.
2. **Open Your C# Project** in Visual Studio 2022 (v17.0 or later).
3. **Highlight** one or more properties in your C# code (auto, full, or Prism-style).
4. **Right-click** to open the context menu.
5. Select one of the conversion commands:
   - **Convert to ObservableProperty**
   - **Convert to AutoProperty**
   - **Convert to FullProperty**
6. The selected properties will be replaced with the chosen property pattern.

## Example
**Before:**
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }

private bool isBusy;
public bool IsBusy
{
    get => isBusy;
    set => SetProperty(ref isBusy, value);
}

private string myVar;
public string MyProperty
{
    get { return myVar; }
    set { myVar = value; RaisePropertyChanged(); }
}
```
**After (ObservableProperty):**
```csharp
[ObservableProperty]
private string _name;

[ObservableProperty]
private bool _isBusy;

[ObservableProperty]
private string _myProperty;
```

**After (AutoProperty):**
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }
public bool IsBusy { get; set; }
public string MyProperty { get; set; }
```

**After (FullProperty):**
```csharp
private string _name;
public string Name
{
    get => _name;
    set => SetProperty(ref _name, value);
}
// ...etc
```

## Requirements
- Visual Studio 2022 (v17.0 or later)
- .NET Framework 4.7.2 or later

## Release Notes

See [RELEASE_NOTES.md](RELEASE_NOTES.md) for full details (v1.1.0).

## Documentation & Support
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions)
- [Report Issues](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/issues)

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Updates SS Refactor to version 1.1.1 with installation enhancements and documentation improvements.
Improves installation process by providing clearer guidance in README.md and includes troubleshooting steps for missing extension icon in Visual Studio.

 Fixes # (referencing specific issue number if available)

README.md, after:

# SS Refactor
<img src="SsRefactor/Resources/Images/icon.png" height="32" />

## Overview

**SS Refactor** from Site Sculptors is a Visual Studio extension that provides context menu commands to convert C# properties between MVVM patterns, including CommunityToolkit.Mvvm `[ObservableProperty]`, auto-properties, and full properties. It works with auto-properties, full properties, Prism-style properties, and most common MVVM property patterns.

## Features
- **Convert to ObservableProperty:** Converts auto-properties, full properties (block-bodied, expression-bodied, SetProperty, Prism-style, etc.) to `[ObservableProperty]` fields.
- **Convert to AutoProperty:** Converts full properties and observable fields to auto-properties (`{ get; set; }`).
- **Convert to FullProperty:** Converts auto-properties and observable fields to full MVVM properties using a backing field and `SetProperty` pattern.
- Context menu integration for quick access.
- Robust property detection for adjacent and variably formatted properties.
- Always generates fields with underscore prefix (e.g., `_name`).
- Automatically adds `using CommunityToolkit.Mvvm.ComponentModel;` if missing.
- Checks for CommunityToolkit.Mvvm NuGet package and guides user to install if missing (with clipboard and NuGet UI support).
- Ensures containing class is partial, with prompt to make it partial if needed.
- Skips and warns about properties that cannot be safely converted.
- Supports .NET Framework 4.7.2 and Visual Studio 2022 or later.

## Getting Started

1. **Install the Extension**
   - Download and install the VSIX from the [Releases](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/releases) page or from the Visual Studio Marketplace.
2. **Open Your C# Project** in Visual Studio 2022 (v17.0 or later).
3. **Highlight** one or more properties in your C# code (auto, full, or Prism-style).
4. **Right-click** to open the context menu.
5. Select one of the conversion commands:
   - **Convert to ObservableProperty**
   - **Convert to AutoProperty**
   - **Convert to FullProperty**
6. The selected properties will be replaced with the chosen property pattern.

## Example
**Before:**
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }

private bool isBusy;
public bool IsBusy
{
    get => isBusy;
    set => SetProperty(ref isBusy, value);
}

private string myVar;
public string MyProperty
{
    get { return myVar; }
    set { myVar = value; RaisePropertyChanged(); }
}
```
**After (ObservableProperty):**
```csharp
[ObservableProperty]
private string _name;

[ObservableProperty]
private bool _isBusy;

[ObservableProperty]
private string _myProperty;
```

**After (AutoProperty):**
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }
public bool IsBusy { get; set; }
public string MyProperty { get; set; }
```

**After (FullProperty):**
```csharp
private string _name;
public string Name
{
    get => _name;
    set => SetProperty(ref _name, value);
}
// ...etc
```

## Requirements
- Visual Studio 2022 (v17.0 or later)
- .NET Framework 4.7.2 or later

## Installation

- Download and install the VSIX from the Visual Studio Marketplace or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/releases).
- After installation, the extension should appear in the Extensions list with the SS Refactor icon. If the icon does not appear, see troubleshooting below.

## Troubleshooting: Missing Extension Icon

If the extension works but the icon is missing in the Extensions list or instructions:
- Ensure the icon file (`icon.png`) exists in `SsRefactor/Resources/Images/` and is referenced in the manifest.
- Try restarting Visual Studio.
- If the icon is still missing, uninstall and reinstall the extension.
- For more help, see [Report Issues](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/issues).

## Release Notes

See [RELEASE_NOTES.md](RELEASE_NOTES.md) for full details (v1.1.0).

## Documentation & Support
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions)
- [Report Issues](https://github.com/Site-Sculptors/SsExtensions/issues)

## License
MIT
